capital = 706
primary_culture = polish
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.2
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.6
civilized = yes


# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = no_draft
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
bureaucracy_ref = gentry
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only

ruling_party = POL_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 0
	conservative = 100
	reactionary = 0
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
guild_based_production = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
publishing_industry = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

#Inventions
#corvettes = yes
commerce_raiders = yes

schools = army_tech_school

1861.1.1 = {
ruling_party = POL_conservative
plurality = 30

# Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	muzzle_loaded_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
	army_command_principle = 1
	army_professionalism = 1
	army_decision_making = 1
	private_banks = 1
	no_standard = 1
	early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	guild_based_production = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
	idealism = 1
	malthusian_thought = 1
	enlightenment_thought = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	state_n_government = 1
	nationalism_n_imperialism = 1
	introspectionism = 1
	associationism = 1
	piston_steam_engine = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	clean_coal = 1
	basic_chemistry = 1
	medicine = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1
	clipper_design = 1
	naval_design_bureaus = 1
	alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
	the_command_principle = 1

#Inventions
	commerce_raiders = yes
	john_ramsay_mcculloch = yes
	nassau_william_sr = yes
	james_mill = yes
	ammunition_production = yes
	small_arms_production = yes
	explosives_production = yes
	artillery_production = yes
	building_station_shipyards = yes
	aerial_bacteria_and_antiseptic_principle = yes
	chemotherapy = yes
	prophylaxis_against_malaria = yes
	pressure_chambers_for_thorax_surgery = yes
	clinical_thermometers_and_binaural_stethoscopes = yes
	authoritarianism = yes
	vaccination = yes
	genetics:_heredity = yes
	political_religion = yes
	traditionalism = yes
	paternalism = yes
	hierarchical_order = yes
	army_societal_status = yes
	army_academic_training = yes
	combat_medicine = yes
	egalitarianism = yes
	neokantian_idealism = yes
	field_training = yes
	hegelian_idealism = yes
	work_classification = yes
	army_continuous_issuing_of_orders = yes
	work_specialization = yes
	army_independent_command = yes
	bureaucracy_vs._nepotism = yes
	army_delegated_power = yes
	work_control_and_hierarchy = yes
	biased_multiculturalism = yes
	separatism = yes
	populism_vs._establishment = yes
	pit_coal = yes
	coke = yes
}

